[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE OF
OF A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO SEARCH
FOR HIS OWN PATH EVEN AS FATE
BETRAYS HIM.
TWO WEEKS REMAIN UNTIL THE MOON
SLAMS INTO THE EARTH’S
SURFACE.
TO QUELL THE PANIC OF THE
POPULACE, ROSSIU PURSUES
CHARGES OF WAR CRIMES
AGAINST SIMON.
SIMON IS SENTENCED TO DEATH.
AFTER HIS FINAL MISSION IN
GURREN LAGANN, WHAT DOES
HE FIND WAITING FOR HIM IN THE
PRISON TO WHICH HE IS SENT?
>> Viral: WELCOME TO PRISON
LIFE, SUPREME COMMANDER.
RIGHT.
YOU AREN’T THE SUPREME COMMANDER
ANYMORE.
NOW YOU’RE JUST SIMON,
THE WAR CRIMINAL.
WE STILL GET NEWS FROM THE
OUTSIDE WORLD HERE.
IT’S INTERESTING,
DON’T YOU THINK?
THE LOWLY BEASTMEN REBEL AND THE
HERO OF THE HUMAN LIBERATION
IMPRISONED AS EQUALS, THANKS
TO THOSE "TRIALS" OF YOURS.
HUMAN WISDOM SURE HAS
ITS MOMENTS.
>> Simon: ONLY TWO MORE WEEKS.
[typing]
[Tetsukan snoring]
>> Ron: WHAT IS...
THIS?
[wheels rattling]
>> Kinon: ALL GEKORN REGIONS
HAVE BEEN 68% EVACUATED.
SAKUNGA REGION, 32%.
BEHAMA REGION, 44%.
IN THE REMAINING SIX DAYS,
18 HOURS, TOTAL EVACUATION WILL
BE 98% COMPLETE.
>> Guinble: EVACUATION OF
KAMINA CITY RESIDENTS ABOARD
THE ARC‐GURREN IS AT 58%.
IT’S GOING WELL.
>> Rossiu: LEERON,
STATUS OF THE MOON?
>> Ron: FALLING SLOWLY.
CURRENT CALCULATIONS SHOW IT
WILL MAKE ATMOSPHERIC
ENTRY IN 10 DAYS, 6 HOURS,
AND 23 MINUTES.
>> Rossiu: THE MOON WILL BEGIN
TO AFFECT OUR SURFACE AS IT
GETS CLOSER.
LET’S GET EVERYONE INTO THEIR
SHELTERS AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
>> Guinble: YES, SIR.
>> Ron: YOU WEAR THE MANTLE OF
LEADER RATHER WELL,
SUPREME COMMANDER ROSSIU.
>> Rossiu: THAT ISN’T WHAT
MATTERS, LEERON.
I AM ONLY DOING WHAT MUST BE
DONE FOR HUMANITY,
NOTHING MORE.
>> Ron: MY GOODNESS, WELL!
SOUNDS LIKE THE BOY’S GROWN INTO
QUITE A MAN.
SAY, WOULD YOU CARE TO JOIN ME
ON A DATE?
>> Rossiu: [scoffs]
>> Ron: THERE’S SOMETHING I’D
LIKE TO TELL YOU IN PERSON.
THAT’S RIGHT.
I’LL BE WAITING.
I HOPE HE DOESN’T GET BURNT OUT.
[overlapping chatter]
>> prisoner: EVEN IF WE EAT,
THE MOON’S STILL GONNA HIT
PRETTY SOON AND END
EVERYTHING, RIGHT?
>> prisoner 2: YEAH, WE HAVE
SOME SUPREME COMMANDER TO THANK
FOR THAT.
>> prisoner 1: WON’T TURN DOWN
THE FOOD, THOUGH.
>> prisoner 3: SAVE US ONCE
AGAIN, O, MIGHTY
SUPREME COMMANDER!
>> prisoner 4: I HEAR THE
PEOPLE OUTSIDE HAVE BEEN
EVACUATED UNDERGROUND.
>> Simon: [grunting]
[sighs]
>> Birdman: [screech]
>> Simon: [gasps]
>> Birdman: [growls]
>> Simon: NOW WHO THE HELL
ARE YOU?
>> Birdman: I WILL AVENGE
GENERAL CYTOMANDER RIGHT HERE!
>> Simon: GENERAL CYTOMANDER?
ONE OF THE SPIRAL KING’S
GENERALS?
>> Birdman: YEAH, THAT’S RIGHT!
IF YOU HADN’T’VE GONE AND KILLED
CYTOMANDER, THEN I’D STILL
BE FLYING IN THE SKY.
BUT, NO, INSTEAD, LOOK HERE.
LOOK AT WHAT THEY’VE DONE TO ME!
THEY LOCKED ME UP IN HERE,
AND THEN THEY CUT OFF MY WINGS!
AND NOW I’M PATHETIC!
I’M NOTHING BUT A DISGRACE!
AND IT’S ALL BECAUSE OF YOU,
SIMON!
DIE!
>> Simon: [grunting]
>> Birdman: CAW!
>> Simon: [yelps]
[thud]
>> Birdman: DIE!
>> UHH!
>> Birdman: VI‐VIRAL!
>> Viral: THE WEAKER THE BIRD,
THE SHRILLER THE SQUAWKING.
HOW ’BOUT YOU SHUT YOUR BEAK
FOR A WHILE?
>> Birdman: YOU BASTARD!
ARE YOU SIDING WITH SIMON?!
BUT YOU’RE A BEASTMAN!
>> Viral: BECAUSE I’M
A BEASTMAN, THE SIGHT OF A WEAK,
PATHETIC BEASTMAN MAKES ME SICK!
>> Birdman: AAH!
[groaning]
>> Viral: HOW THE MIGHTY
NAKED APE HAS FALLEN.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Viral: YOU’VE LOST GURREN
LAGANN, THE WOMAN YOU LOVED, AND
ALL OF YOUR FRIENDS.
AND NOW THAT YOU’VE GONE BACK
TO BEING JUST ANOTHER COMMON
NAKED APE, YOU CAN’T EVEN MANAGE
TO PROTECT YOURSELF, CAN YOU?
>> Simon: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> Viral: EVEN WHEN HE WAS
BAREHANDED, KAMINA HELD HIS OWN
AGAINST ME.
>> Simon: SHUT UP!
>> Viral: OH, MY.
IS THAT ANGER IN YOUR EYES?
DON’T LIKE WHAT I’M SAYING,
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!
>> Simon: HYAH!
>> Viral: HMPH!
>> Simon: [gasps]
[prisoners cheering]
>> prisoner: HEY,
IT’S A FIGHT!
>> Viral: HMPH!
SO YOU’RE NOT HELPLESS.
>> prisoner 2: WHAT’S THE
MATTER, VIRAL?
KILL THE GUY!
[prisoners shouting]
>> prisoner 3: GET HIM!
>> Birdman: SIMON IS MY PREY,
VIRAL!
BACK OFF!
>> Birdman: [squawks]
>> Viral: HAH!
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Viral: IT’S MY IMMORTAL BODY,
GIVEN TO ME BY THE SPIRAL KING
WITH THE ORDER TO FOREVER
BEAR WITNESS.
YET THE ONLY THING I HAVE TO
BEAR WITNESS TO IS A PATHETIC
SPECIMEN LIKE YOU SITTING
IN JAIL.
THIS IS TOO MUCH.
>> Simon: WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT IT?
I’M ONLY DOING WHAT I
NEED TO DO!
>> Viral: THAT’S A GOOD ONE!
>> Birdman: OHH!
>> Viral: SO, DOING NOTHING IS
WHAT YOU "NEED" TO DO, HUH?
NOW YOU’RE FINALLY THE SAME
AS THE SPIRAL KING!
>> Simon: UGH!
TAKE THAT BACK!
>> Birdman: [groans]
>> Viral: TELL ME, IS THIS THE
FUTURE YOU WANTED TO GET
BY DESTROYING US?
IT’S UNFORGIVABLE!
>> Birdman: HUH?
>> Simon: I NEVER ASKED FOR
FORGIVENESS!
>> Birdman: THOSE TWO BASTARDS
TREAT ME LIKE I’M NOTHING!
>> Viral: SHUT UP!
>> Simon: YOU SHUT UP!
>> Birdman: BOTH YOU DUMB
BASTARDS ARE DEAD MEAT!
AAH!
>> Guard: NO FIGHTING
ALLOWED IN HERE!
COME ON, BOYS! BREAK IT UP!
BREAK IT UP!
WHO’S THE ONE WHO
STARTED THIS FIGHT?!
>> prisoners 4: THOSE TWO!
>> prisoner 5: THOSE TWO SIR!
>> prisoner 6: THOSE TWO
GANGED UP ON THAT POOR BIRDMAN!
>> both: WHAT?!
[metal clanging]
[keys jangling]
>> Rossiu: HOW FAR DOES GOD
INTEND TO TEST US?
[gate clangs]
>> Ron: I UNDERSTAND YOU DON’T
WANNA BELIEVE IT.
IF YOU DON’T WANT TO, DON’T.
IT’S JUST A SIMULATION,
AFTER ALL.
>> Rossiu: HOLDING THE POSITION
I HOLD, I HAVE TO BELIEVE IT.
WAS IT WRONG FOR HUMANITY
TO DREAM OF LIVING ON
THE SURFACE?
ARE WE HUMANS SO SINFUL
A SPECIES THAT WE DON’T
DESERVE EVEN THAT?
>> Ron: WELL, IT SEEMS THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS THINK WE DON’T,
AND THAT’S ALL IT IS.
GOD’S WILL HAS NOTHING
TO DO WITH IT.
>> Kittan: HEY.
UH, THINGS GOING SMOOTHLY HERE?
>> Kinon: OUR OVERALL PROGRESS
IS STILL 48% BEHIND.
>> Kittan: UH...
WOW, NOW THAT REALLY
TAKES ME BACK!
LOOK, IT’S A COUPLE
OF WARBLE RUNNERS!
BOY, YOU WERE SO TERRIFIED
OF RIDING THOSE THINGS AT FIRST,
REMEMBER?
HMM? WHA‐‐
WAIT A MINUTE.
IT’S SOME SLIME GRAPE HIPPOS
AND PIG‐MOLES!
I DON’T GET IT.
IT’S THE HUMANS WE NEED TO BE
GETTING ON BOARD, NOT THEM.
WHAT’S THIS ALL ABOUT?
IS ROSSIU OPENING
A ZOO OR SOMETHING?
OH!
>> Kinon: [grunts]
>> Tetsukan: I’M HOOKING UP
THE LORDGENOME HEAD NOW.
>> Guinble: THIS USED TO BE
THE SPIRAL KING.
ARE YOU SURE THERE’S NO DANGER?
>> Ron: EVEN IF THERE IS DANGER,
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
THE ARC‐GURREN WILL NOT
ACTIVATE UNLESS IT RECOGNIZES
HIS BIO‐SIGNATURE.
IT’S JUST LIKE HOW LAGANN
WON’T ACTIVATE UNLESS SIMON
IS ON BOARD.
>> Guinble: EVEN SO, WHAT IF
THIS BIOCOMPUTER CONTAINS
LORDGENOME’S PERSONALITY?
>> Ron: YOU’RE QUITE
THE WORRYWART.
IF THAT’S THAT CASE, ALL
YOU HAVE TO DO IS STRAP ON
A BOMB AND SIT DOWN NEXT TO IT.
THAT IS, IF YOU HAVE COURAGE
LIKE KINON.
>> Gabal: WELL, IF THIS DOESN’T
WORK, IT’S MORE ALL‐NIGHTERS
FOR US.
>> Tetsukan: I HAVEN’T HAD
A GOOD NIGHT’S SLEEP
IN SEVEN YEARS.
OKAY!
EVERYTHING’S HOOKED UP AND
READY TO GO.
>> Ron: ARC‐GURREN, SPIRAL
ENGINE ACTIVATION SEQUENCE!
BEGIN THE CHECKLIST.
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
ACTIVATING!
>> Lordgenome: [roars]
>> Ron: NOT YET!
YOU MORON!
[whooshing]
>> Lordgenome: THE SUPER SPIRAL
ENGINE ACTIVATION SEQUENCE IS
COMPLETED.
>> Ron: OH!
LOOK AT THAT.
I GUESS IT WORKED.
>> Lordgenome: NOTHING IS
IMPOSSIBLE FOR ME.
>> Ron: MY, YOU SURE TALK BIG,
CONSIDERING THAT YOU’RE JUST
A HEAD.
ANYWAY...
I GUESS THAT’S EVERYTHING, BOYS!
[all cheer]
>> Guinble: CONGRATULATIONS,
LEERON.
I WILL NOTIFY SUPREME
COMMANDER ROSSIU AT ONCE.
HMM?
LEGAL AFFAIRS CHIEF KITTAN.
>> Kittan: [snickers]
HYUH!
JUST WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU’RE DOING?
>> Kittan: YOU’RE ONE OF
ROSSIU’S TOP ASS‐KISSERS.
YOU’RE GONNA TELL ME WHAT HE’S
THINKING, AND YOU’RE
GONNA TELL ME NOW.
>> Guinble: I’VE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU MEAN.
>> Kittan: DON’T YOU TRY
PLAYIN’ DUMB!
I SAW THEM LOADING ANIMALS
ABOARD THE ARC‐GURREN,
A WHOLE LOT OF ANIMALS AT THAT.
WHY?
>> Guinble: I DON’T KNOW.
>> Kittan: YOU WON’T TALK,
SO LET ME TAKE A GUESS.
SOMETHING BAD’S GONNA
HAPPEN ON THE SURFACE,
AND SO OUR SOFTHEARTED ROSSIU
DECIDED TO SAVE EVEN THE POOR,
HELPLESS ANIMALS, IS THAT IT?!
>> Guinble: [grunts]
>> Kittan: SO I’M RIGHT.
[Guinble coughing]
>> Kittan: NOW, THEN.
START EXPLAINING.
>> Guinble: IT’S...
>> Rossiu: IT’S BECAUSE WE WILL
HAVE TO LIVE OUT IN SPACE
ABOARD THE ARC‐GURREN FOR
AT LEAST ONE YEAR, KITTAN.
>> Kittan: ROSSIU.
>> Rossiu: YOU ARE A KEY
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL.
IF THIS IS HOW YOU FEEL,
SHOULDER THE BURDEN YOURSELF.
COME WITH ME.
>> Kittan: WHAT THE HELL
IS THIS?
>> Ron: A SIMULATION OF WHAT’LL
HAPPEN WHEN THE MOON HITS
THE EARTH.
I’D NEVER CALCULATED ANYTHING
LIKE THIS, SO IT TOOK A LONG
TIME TO GENERATE IT.
>> Kittan: BUT THIS MEANS THAT
THE ENTIRE SURFACE IS
GONNA BE WIPED OUT!
>> Ron: NOT JUST THE SURFACE.
UNDERGROUND TOO.
THE ENTIRE SURFACE WILL BE
STRIPPED OFF BY THE SHOCK OF THE
MOON’S IMPACT.
AFTER THAT, THE WHOLE
WORLD WILL BE BLANKETED BY
WHITE‐HOT GASSES.
EVERYTHING ON LAND WILL BE
INCINERATED.
IT WON’T BE ABLE TO SUPPORT
LIFE OF ANY KIND FOR A YEAR.
>> Kittan: SO WHAT ARE
YOU SAYING?
ARE YOU JUST GONNA LET
THE PEOPLE UNDERGROUND DIE?!
>> Rossiu: DO YOU HAVE ANY
OTHER IDEAS?
THE ARC‐GURREN CAN’T CARRY
A MILLION PEOPLE.
>> Kittan: THEN...
WHY DON’T WE USE THIS THING TO
DESTROY THE MOON?!
THIS DAI‐GUN WE GOT IS HUGE!
I BET THERE’S NOTHING
THIS BABY CAN’T DO!
>> Rossiu: WE’VE CONSIDERED
THAT, AS WELL.
IT’S TOO RISKY, KITTAN.
IF WE FAIL, HUMANITY TRULY WILL
GO EXTINCT.
TELL ME, ARE YOU ABLE TO BEAR
THAT RESPONSIBILITY?
>> Kittan: [grumbles]
>> Rossiu: WE WILL SAVE EVERY
LIFE WE CAN.
AND NOT JUST HUMAN LIFE.
WHAT THE ARC‐GURREN CARRIES
WITHIN IT WILL BECOME
A SECOND EARTH.
WE WILL TAKE ABOARD EVERY LIVING
BEAST OF THE LAND AND LIVE
IN SPACE UNTIL THE EARTH
COOLS DOWN.
THAT IS ONLY THING WE CAN DO.
THE LEADER’S ROLE IS NOT TO
FIGHT.
THE LEADER’S ROLE IS TO
MAKE THE HARD DECISIONS.
DO YOU THINK I’M WRONG?
>> Kittan: NO.
NO, YOU’RE NOT WRONG.
BUT THAT DON’T MEAN I GOTTA
LIKE IT.
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
>> Kiyoh: BROTHER, YOU MADE IT.
>> Kiyal: HE’S HERE!
>> Dayakka: ’BOUT TIME,
UNCLE KITTAN.
>> Kittan: YOU BET.
GOTTA SEE HER AT LEAST ONCE.
I MEAN, WHILE WE’RE STILL ON
EARTH AND ALL.
>> Kiyal: IT’S NOT LIKE YOU
WON’T GET ANOTHER CHANCE.
>> Kittan: IS SHE HEALTHY?
>> Kiyoh: I’M AMAZED AT HOW MUCH
SHE DRINKS WHEN SHE NURSES.
>> Kiyal: AND WHEN SHE CRIES,
YOU BETTER COVER UP YOUR EARS!
>> Kittan: LET’S HAVE A LOOK.
IS IT ME, OR DOES SHE LOOK
KINDA WORRIED?
AROUND THE EYEBROWS HERE.
>> Dayakka: UH, WELL, MAYBE.
>> Kiyoh: DO YOU HEAR THAT?
YOU TAKE AFTER YOUR DADDY IN
SOME ODD WAYS.
WHATEVER SHOULD WE DO?
>> Kittan: WHEN ARE YOU GUYS
GONNA EVACUATE?
>> Dayakka: KIYOH NEEDS TO BUILD
UP HER STRENGTH A BIT MORE.
I’M A LITTLE WORRIED ABOUT
MOVING HER RIGHT AWAY.
>> Kittan: YOU DUMB‐ASS!
GET ABOARD NOW!
THERE’S DOCTORS ABOARD
THE ARC‐GURREN!
QUIT WASTING TIME!
[crying]
>> Kiyal: NICE!
>> Kiyoh: NOW, NOW, SETTLE DOWN.
[traffic honking]
>> Kittan: I HEAR YOU SUBMITTED
YOUR RESIGNATION.
>> Dayakka: WORD TRAVELS FAST.
I KNOW IT’S A BAD TIME TO
BAIL ON YOU, BUT RIGHT NOW,
I JUST WANT TO BE WITH KIYOH
AND ANNE.
>> Kittan: IT’S BECAUSE IT’S
A BAD TIME.
WHO KNOWS? MAYBE KAMINA PICKED
THE RIGHT TIME TO DIE.
>> Dayakka: I’M SORRY.
IT’S JUST THAT RIGHT NOW,
A NEWBORN BABY GIRL IS MORE
IMPORTANT TO ME THAN A DEAD MAN.
>> Kittan: IT IS, HUH?
CAN’T BLAME YOU.
>> Dayakka: LOOKS LIKE THERE’S
A CEILING IN THE SKY NOW TOO.
>> Kittan: [laughs] YEAH,
I GUESS THERE IS.
LOOK...
>> Dayakka: HMM?
>> Kittan: NAH, FORGET IT.
HUH?
WHAT THE HELL?!
[all gasping]
>> Rossiu: REPORT!
>> Cybela: IT WAS A BEAM ATTACK
FROM THE MUGANN, SIR.
PARLIAMENT TOWER
HAS BEEN DESTROYED!
SECOND WAVE COMING IN!
>> Guinble: THE ATTACKS ARE
CONCENTRATED UNDERNEATH
PARLIAMENT TOWER.
>> Rossiu: I DON’T BELIEVE IT.
HAVE THEY DETECTED THE
ARC‐GURREN’S PRESENCE?
>> Ron: IT’S POSSIBLE.
THEY’RE ATTACKING BECAUSE THEY
DETECTED A STRONG SPIRAL
POWER SOURCE.
>> Rossiu: IS THERE NOTHING WE
CAN DO?
RUN A SEARCH IN THE
LORDGENOME HEAD!
[bleeping]
WHAT’S THIS?
>> Ron: IT LOOKS LIKE AN ENERGY
SHIELD.
>> Lordgenome: IT’S A SPIRAL
POWER SHIELD.
THIS IS A SPIRAL BATTLESHIP.
NATURALLY, IT’S EQUIPPED
WITH PROTECTION.
>> Gimmy: IT’S NICE THAT YOU CAN
TAKE ’EM OUT IN ONE SHOT,
BUT THERE’S TONS OF ’EM!
>> Darry: ARC‐GURREN IS SAFE
GET INTO THE UNDERGROUND
TUNNELS!
>> Dayakka: IS THAT EVERYONE,
KITTAN?
>> Kittan: EVERYONE WHO’S
STILL ALIVE.
[all gasp]
CRAP. GET GOING NOW!
>> Dayakka: WHAT ABOUT YOU?!
>> Kittan: I GOT SPIRAL SHELLS.
THEY OUGHTA BE ABLE TO
SLOW IT DOWN SOME.
>> Kiyal: BROTHER!
>> Kittan: I’M NOT ABOUT TO LET
MY CUTE LITTLE NIECE DIE IN
SOME ALLEYWAY.
GO ON WITHOUT ME, DAYAKKA!
KIYOH, LOOK AFTER KINON FOR ME.
>> Kiyoh: [gasps]
>> Kittan: GO!
IT’S ABOUT TO OPEN FIRE!
>> Dayakka: UHH!
>> Kiyal: BROTHER!
>> both: BROTHER, NO!
>> Makken: GET CLEAR, KITTAN.
>> Kittan: MAKKEN?
>> Makken: SORRY, IT TOOK A
WHILE TO FIND A SITTER FOR THE
KIDS.
>> Kittan: THAT GIVES ME A SENSE
OF WHAT YOUR FAMILY LIFE’S LIKE!
>> Kittan: I SEE YOU BROUGHT
SOME HANDY TOYS TO THE PARTY!
>> Makken: BARRIER MISSILES
FROM A MILITARY CONTRACT.
WE HELPED OURSELVES TO A FEW.
>> Kiyal: BIG BROTHER’S OKAY!
>> Kiyoh: [gasps and sighs]
>> Dayakka: WHAT THE...
>> Leyte: HOP ABOARD, KITTAN!
>> Kittan: I THOUGHT THESE WERE
DESTROYED!
>> Leyte: YEAH, THIS BIG BUNCH
OF GOVERNMENT TYPES BROUGHT ’EM
TO THE SHOP AND TOLD US
TO SCRAP ’EM.
SO I TOOK ’EM AND KEPT ’EM
IN PEAK CONDITION!
>> Kittan: THAT’S OUR LEYTE.
I OWE YOU!
>> Kittan: A CEILING, HUH?
YEAH, I GUESS THAT’S A CEILING,
ALL RIGHT.
HMPH!
[people shouting]
>> Rossiu: GOOD!
BRING THE EVACUEES ABOARD WHILE
THE SHIELD’S UP!
>> Cybela: COMMANDER, TAKE A
LOOK AT THAT!
>> Guinble: CAN’T BE!
WHAT ARE THOSE GUNMEN DOING
OUT THERE?!
>> Rossiu: ATTACKS FROM OLD
GUNMEN ARE EFFECTIVE
AGAINST THESE?
>> Lordgenome: GUNMEN WERE
ORIGINALLY DESIGNED TO BATTLE
THE ANTI‐SPIRAL FORCES.
IT’S ONLY NATURAL THAT THEIR
WEAPONS WOULD BE EFFECTIVE.
>> Rossiu: WE HAVE TO FORGET
ABOUT THOSE GUNMEN.
ACTIVATING ARC‐GURREN HAS
TOP PRIORITY.
ATTENTION, ALL UNITS!
THE ARC‐GURREN WILL LEAVE
THE STRATOSPHERE IN
EXACTLY 30 MINUTES!
BRING ABOARD AS MANY EVACUEES
AS POSSIBLE IN THAT TIME!
>> Guinble: 30 MINUTES.
>> Lordgenome: IN ORDER TO EXIT
THE STRATOSPHERE, 30 MINUTES
IS THE MAXIMUM DURATION WE CAN
DIVERT ENERGY TO THE SHIELD.
>> Kinon: WHAT ABOUT PEOPLE WHO
CAN’T GET HERE IN TIME?
>> Rossiu: [shuddering]
WE LEAVE IN 30 MINUTES.
WE MUST.
MY DECISION HAS BEEN MADE.
>> Kittan: I SEE.
THAT’S YOUR HARD DECISION.
SAVE AS MANY LIVES AS YOU CAN.
THERE’S NOTHIN’ THAT CAN SHAKE
YOUR RESOLVE, IS THERE?
>> Rossiu: WHAT ARE YOU
GETTING AT?
>> Kittan: THAT’S A LEADERLY
THING FOR THE NEW LEADER TO DO.
PRETTY IMPRESSIVE FOR A BOY
YOUR AGE.
BUT IF THAT’S HOW IT IS,
HOW ABOUT RETURNING
THE YOU‐KNOW‐WHAT?
ME AND THE FELLAS JUST DON’T
FIT IN WITH ALL THIS
GOVERNMENT STUFF, ROSSIU.
WE’RE JUST TEAM GURREN.
THING IS, TEAM GURREN HAS
ITS OWN WAY OF DOING THINGS!
>> Rossiu: YOU STILL DON’T
UNDERSTAND?!
IT’S A FUTILE EFFORT, KITTAN!
>> Kittan: THAT’S WHAT’S SO
GREAT ABOUT IT.
NOW HAND IT OVER, PAL.
WHAT YOU GOT THERE IS
TEAM GURREN’S.
THAT IS HIS SOUL, ROSSIU.
>> Kinon: [grunts]
>> Rossiu: ONCE UPON A TIME,
I ENTRUSTED THE FUTURE
TO THIS TOO.
>> Kittan: WELL, I’M WAGERING
TOMORROW ON THIS BABY.
>> Kinon: BROTHER, I...
>> Kittan: SURVIVE.
>> Dayakka: SORRY.
>> Kittan: LEAVE IT TO ME.
>> Rossiu: ALL HANDS,
PREPARE FOR LIFTOFF.
WE DON’T HAVE MUCH TIME!
>> Kittan: MOVE IT!
YOU’RE IN THE WAY!
[all shouting]
>> PLEASE LET US IN! PLEASE!
[Rossiu sobbing]
[crying]
>> Viral: WELL, LOOKS LIKE
WE’VE BEEN LEFT BEHIND, SIMON.
>> Simon: YEAH, LOOKS THAT WAY.
[rumbling]
YOU REALLY DID IT, ROSSIU.
>> Viral: MAN, THIS STINKS.
TO THINK THIS IS HOW I’M
GOING TO WITNESS YOUR DEATH.
>> Simon: I’M FINE WITH IT.
AS LONG AS THE OTHERS
WILL SURVIVE...
EVERYTHING’S FINE WITH ME.
>> Nia: I WOULDN’T BE SO SURE.
>> Simon: NIA, WHAT ARE YOU...
>> Nia: ROSSIU HAS TURNED HIS
BACK ON HUMANITY.
WHEN THE MOON HITS, THEY WILL BE
SWALLOWED, SHELTERS AND ALL,
BY THE EARTH’S CRUST,
AND THEY WILL DIE.
>> Viral: WHAT THE HELL..
IS ALL THIS?
>> Simon: THAT CAN’T BE TRUE!
>> Nia: IT’S TRUE.
EVEN IF THEY DO ESCAPE INTO
SPACE, THE ONLY THING
AWAITING THEM IS DESPAIR.
>> Simon: WHAT?! WHY?!
>> Nia: WHAT THE ANTI‐SPIRALS
SEEK IS HUMANITY’S COMPLETE
AND UTTER DESPAIR.
THEY HAVE TAKEN EVERY NECESSARY
STEP TO ACHIEVE THAT AIM.
>> Simon: NIA, Y‐YOU’D DO THAT?
WHY WOULD YOU GO THAT FAR?
>> Viral: WHY, YOU LITTLE...
[gun fires]
[rifle cocking]
[clang]
[mechanical whirring]
>> Yoko: SO I DON’T SEE YOU FOR
A WHILE, AND YOU HAVE TO GO AND
TURN INTO A REAL BORING BITCH...
NIA.
[rifle cocks]
[rock music]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: WHAT THAT MAN LOVED
WAS A FUTURE BENEATH
THE BLUE SKY.
AND WHEN THAT SKY BEGINS
TO FALL, SHE RISES UP.
AND THEIR ENTWINED FATES MERGE
AND BECOME ONE.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN,
"YOU ARE SOMEONE WHO OUGHT
TO SURVIVE."